(lp0
S'Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.'
p1
aS"Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor."
p2
aS'To write with a broken pencil is pointless.'
p3
aS"A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired."
p4
aS'Those who get too big for their britches will be exposed in the end.'
p5
aS'When a clock is hungry it goes back four seconds.'
p6
aS'A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.'
p7
aS"If you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed."
p8
aS"What's the definition of a will? It's a dead giveaway."
p9
aS'The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.'
p10
aS"Every calendar's days are numbered."
p11
aS'Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis.'
p12
aS'When the electricity went off during a storm at a school the students were de-lighted.'
p13
aS'I used to be a tap dancer until I fell in the sink.'
p14
aS'He wears glasses during math because it improves division.'
p15
aS'She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still.'
p16
aS'She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but broke it off.'
p17
aS'Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.'
p18
aS"It wasn't school John disliked it was just the principal of it."
p19
aS"It's better to love a short girl than not a tall."
p20
aS"There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his  pupils."
p21
aS'A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.'
p22
aS'A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.'
p23
aS'The one who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.'
p24
aS'Old power plant workers never die they just de-generate.'
p25
aS'There was a ghost at the hotel, so they called for an inn spectre.'
p26
aS'With her marriage she got a new name and a dress.'
p27
aS'The short fortune-teller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large'
p28
aS'Some Spanish government employees are Seville servants.'
p29
aS'He drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how the Mercedes bends.'
p30
aS"Show me someone in denial and I'll show you a person in Egypt up to their ankles."
p31
aS'Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-salted.'
p32
aS'When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion.'
p33
aS"When an actress saw her first strands of gray hair she thought she'd dye."
p34
aS"He often broke into song because he couldn't find the key."
p35
aS'Marathon runners with bad footwear suffer the agony of defeat.'
p36
aS'Driving on so many turnpikes was taking its toll.'
p37
aS'To some - marriage is a word ... to others - a sentence.'
p38
aS'Old lawyers never die they just lose their appeal.'
p39
aS'In democracy its your vote that counts. In feudalism its your count that votes.'
p40
aS'Atheism is a non-prophet organization'
p41
aS'It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.'
p42
aS'Old skiers never die -- they just go down hill.'
p43
aS'A cardboard belt would be a waist of paper.'
p44
aS'Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.'
p45
aS'When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent.'
p46
aS'An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle.'
p47
aS'How do you make antifreeze? Steal her blanket.'
p48
aS'A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital. When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said "No change yet".'
p49
aS'A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients.'
p50
aS'Nylons give women a run for their money.'
p51
aS'Talking to her about computer hardware I make my mother board.'
p52
aS'Ancient orators tended to Babylon.'
p53
aS'The best way to stop a charging bull is to take away his credit card.'
p54
aS"If you give some managers an inch they think they're a ruler."
p55
aS'Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.'
p56
aS'He had a photographic memory that was never developed.'
p57
aS'Old burglars never die they just steal away.'
p58
aS'A lawyer for a church did some cross-examining.'
p59
aS'Chronic illegal parkers suffer from parking zones disease.'
p60
aS"Some people don't like food going to waist."
p61
aS"A cannibal's favourite game is 'swallow the leader'."
p62
aS"You feel stuck with your debt if you can't budge it."
p63
aS"Girls who don't get asked out as often as their friends could feel out-dated."
p64
aS"We were so poor when I was growing up we couldn't even afford to pay attention."
p65
aS'A pet store had a bird contest with no perches necessary.'
p66
aS'A backwards poet writes inverse.'
p67
aS'If a lawyer can be disbarred can a musician be denoted or a model deposed?'
p68
aS"Once you've seen one shopping center you've seen a mall."
p69
aS'When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, U C L A.'
p70
aS'A plateau is a high form of flattery.'
p71
aS'When chemists die, we barium.'
p72
aS'A long knife has been invented that cuts four loaves of bread at a time called a four loaf cleaver.'
p73
aS'When the wheel was invented, it caused a revolution.'
p74
aS"Two robbers with clubs went golfing, but they didn't play the fairway."
p75
aS'Seven days without a pun makes one weak.'
p76
aS"A circus lion won't eat clowns because they taste funny."
p77
aS'A toothless termite walked into a tavern and said, "Is the bar tender here?"'
p78
aS'Did you hear about the fire at the circus? The heat was intense.'
p79
aS'A tattoo artist has designs on his clients.'
p80
aS"Santa's helpers are subordinate clauses."
p81
aS'A lot of money is tainted. It taint yours and it taint mine.'
p82
aS'When they bought a water bed, the couple started to drift apart.'
p83
aS'What you seize is what you get.'
p84
aS'Gardeners always know the ground rules.'
p85
aS"Some people's noses and feet are build backwards: their feet smell and their noses run."
p86
aS'Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest.'
p87
aS'A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.'
p88
aS'What do you call cheese that is not yours? Nacho Cheese.'
p89
aS'When a new hive is done bees have a house swarming party.'
p90
aS'Looting a drugstore is called Pillaging'
p91
aS'Never lie to an x-ray technician. They can see right through you.'
p92
aS"Old programmers never die, they just can't C as well."
p93
aS'A music store had a small sign which read: Bach in a Minuet.'
p94
aS'Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon.'
p95
aS'Visitors to Cuba are usually Havana good time.'
p96
aS'A bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fianc\xc3\xa9e-free.'
p97
aS'A ditch digger was entrenched in his career.'
p98
aS'A girl and her boyfriend went to a party as a barcode. They were an item.'
p99
aS"A criminal's best asset is his lie ability."
p100
aS'Q: What do you get when you toss a hand grenade into a kitchen in France? A: Linoleum blownapart.'
p101
aS'A city in Alaska passed a law outlawing all dogs. It became known as Dogless Fairbanks.'
p102
aS'Which famous golfer loves to drink wine? Litre Vino.'
p103
aS'Archeaologist: a person whose career lies in ruins.'
p104
aS"Q: What's the difference between an angry circus owner and a Roman barber? A: One is a raving showman, and the other is a shaving Roman."
p105
aS"In ancient Rome, deli workers were told that they could eat anything they wanted during the lunch hour. Anything, that is except the smoked salmon. Thus were created the world's first anti-lox breaks."
p106
aS'A ship carrying a cargo of red paint collided with a ship carrying a cargo of purple paint. Both crews were marooned.'
p107
aS'Why did the Zen master refuse novocaine when he had his tooth pulled? He wanted to transcend dental medication.'
p108
aS'Did you hear about the two men from the monastery who opened a fast-food seafood restaurant? One was the fish friar, the other was the chip monk.'
p109
aS'A scientist cloned himself but the experiment created a duplicate who used very foul language. As the clone cursed and swore, the scientist finally pushed it out the window, and it fell to its death. Later the scientist was arrested for making an obscene clone fall.'
p110
aS"Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, but when they lit a fire in the craft it sank -- proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it, too."
p111
aS'Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina. One went to Hollywood and became a famous actor. The other stayed behind in the cotton fields and never amounted to much. The second one, naturally, became known as the lesser of two weevils.'
p112
aS"A mushroom walks into a bar, sits down and orders a drink. The bartender says, 'We don't serve mushrooms here.' The mushroom says, 'Why?! I'm a fun guy!'"
p113
aS'A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He sidles up to the bar and announces: "I\'m lookin\' for the man who shot my paw."'
p114
aS'This guy goes into a restaurant for a Christmas breakfast while in his home town for the holidays. After looking over the menu he says, "I\'ll just have the eggs benedict." His order comes a while later and it\'s served on a huge fancy chrome plate. He asks the waiter, "What\'s with the fancy plate?" The waiter replies, "There\'s no plate like chrome for the hollandaise!"'
p115
aS'Very early one morning two birds are sitting at the side of a large puddle of oil. They see a worm on the other side. So... the one flies over and the other one swims through -- which one gets to the worm first? The one who swam, of course, because "Da oily boid gets da woim."'
p116
aS'When she told me I was average, she was just being mean.'
p117
aS'A neutron goes into a bar and asks the bartender, "How much for a drink?" The bartender replies, "For you, no charge."'
p118
aS'Two molecules are walking down the street and they run in to each other. One says to the other, "Are you all right?" "No, I lost an electron!" "Are you sure?" "I\'m positive!"'
p119
aS'She criticized my apartment, so I knocked her flat.'
p120
aS'On the second day of Hanukkah a woman accidentally backed into a menorah. She burned her end at both candles.'
p121
aS'Sticks float. They would.'
p122
aS"No matter how attractive you may find him/her, never ask a photographer to step into a dark room and see what develops. The answer is almost always in the negative. (Yes, it's a bad pun--enough to make you shutter.)"
p123
aS'Habitual punsters should be banished to Noman. (Noman is an island.)'
p124
aS"People who tell really bad puns shouldn't just be banished, they should be drawn and quoted."
p125
aS"There was a man who heard that his local newspaper was having a contest to find the worst pun. He searched his letters and his old e-mails for the worst puns he could find, and he finally came up with a list of the ten very worst puns he'd ever heard. He was certain that one his entries would win the contest. Unfortunately for him, no pun in ten did."
p126
aS'Did you know diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your jeans.'
p127
aS'Did you know diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your jeans.'
p128
aS'What do you call a dog with a highly contagious respiratory tract infection? Woofing cough.'
p129
aS"What's the difference between a piano and a tuna? Anyone can tuna piano, but no one can piano a tuna!"
p130
aS'How do you stop someone from making racist puns? Give them a harsh PUNishment!!!!'
p131
aS'What do you call Ami as a grandma? Amoeba!!'
p132
aS'What do you call a redneck girl that can outrun her brother? A virgin!'
p133
aS'I prefer black people like my Christmas decorations. Hanging on a tree.'
p134
aS'Mumtaz asks Shah Jahan why he built the Taj Mahal. He replies with, &quot;Kyunki TOMB hi ho, TOMB hi ho, aashiqui TOMB hi ho.&quot;'
p135
aS'A Russian, an alcoholic, and a communist walk into a bar. He orders a drink.'
p136
aS'What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!'
p137
aS'I like my women like I like my coffee, in a pot.'
p138
aS"A pirate was wearing a ship steering wheel as a belt buckle. When asked about it, he replied &quot;It's drivin' me nuts!&quot;"
p139
aS'What do you call the Zodiac Killer with a tumor? Cancer.'
p140
aS'Did you hear about the man who was addicted to braking fluid? He can stop anytime.'
p141
aS"I can't believe I got fired from my job at the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off."
p142
aS'How do you monetize cat gifs? Pay-purr-view.'
p143
aS'Did you know you can tell the gender of an ant by throwing it in water? If it sinks, girl ant, if it floats, buoyant.'
p144
aS'Did you hear about the two antennae who got married? The wedding was okay, but the reception was great!'
p145
aS'Why is putting beef on the top shelf of your refrigerator risky? The steaks would be too high!'
p146
aS"What's the difference between pussy and parsley? Who the hell eats parsley?"
p147
aS"You want to hear a joke about ghosts? That's the spirit!"
p148
aS'How do you greet a japanese chihuahua? Konichihuahua.'
p149
aS'Why is cheddar so dangerous? It can be sharp!'
p150
aS"What's it called when a skeleton works for free? Pro bono."
p151
aS'They say race jokes are inappropriate nowadays. Did I ever tell you about the one with the tortoise and the hare?'
p152
aS'&quot;I see.&quot; said the blind man, as he pissed into the wind...&quot;It all comes back to me now.&quot;'
p153
aS'&quot;I see.&quot; said the blind man, as he picked up his hammer and saw.'
p154
aS"What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One's pretty heavy and the other's a little lighter."
p155
aS'What do you call it when E gets in a race? E-motion.'
p156
aS"When is a door not a door? When it's ajar."
p157
aS'I cut my finger chopping cheese. But I think I have a grater problem.'
p158
aS"I'll do algebra, I'll put up with calculus, I'll even do trigonometry. Graphing is where I draw the line!"
p159
aS"What's long, hard, and has cum in it? Cucumber."
p160
aS"What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift!"
p161
aS'Why is it hard to trust a deaf person? Because they never make sound decisions!'
p162
aS"Why do all police officers act alike? Because they're all COP-ies!"
p163
aS'Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing!'
p164
aS'What nationality has the fewest germaphobes? Germ-mans.'
p165
aS"What's the happiest blood type? B-positive."
p166
aS'I think we have a drunk ghost in our house. It keeps asking for boos.'
p167
aS"I don't know why people hate Toad from Super Mario Bros. so much. He seems like a fungi."
p168
aS"Why is can crushing the saddest job in the world? Because it's soda pressing."
p169
aS'What kind of soda did the intoxicated man bring? Soda-runk.'
p170
aS"What's the root of all gaming genres? Hack and /"
p171
aS'Where does Google store all of their autonomous car data? Google Drive.'
p172
aS"We should get one of those old-people chair things so we don't have to walk up the stairs. No, those things drive me up the fucking wall!"
p173
aS"Why are jackhammers such great tools? They're groundbreaking."
p174
aS"What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef, but no one can pea soup!"
p175
aS"Why did Mr. Tickle's wife not take his last name? Her name was Tess."
p176
aS'How do you describe mediocre chinese food? Tso-Tso.'
p177
aS'What happens when you put adderall in a Ford Fiesta? It becomes a Ford Focus.'
p178
aS"I had a meeting for my pre-ejaculation problem but I didn't know what to wear...So I came in my pants."
p179
aS''
p180
a.